OEL-3256: Upgrade GrumPHP to v2 (#159)
ec-europa/oe-code-review: README.md

```
For Drupal projects, `drupal-conventions.yml` should be imported instead.

OE Components should use `oe-components-conventions.yml`

### Commands

> GrumPHP tasks will be ran at every commit, if you with to run them without performing a commit use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GrumPHP tasks will be run at every commit, if you wish to run them without performing a commit use the following command:
```

Author: Fixed, thanks
